Documentation and Site update for upcoming first release (#338)
SynthstromAudible/DelugeFirmware: README.md

> # Dear Deluge owners

Reviewer: Switch headings to second level and add top level title like:
```markdown
# Synthstrom Deluge Firmware
```

If you want to start using the community firmware please visit https://synthstromaudible.github.io/DelugeFirmware/ for all relevant details.

# About
The [Deluge](https://synthstrom.com/product/deluge/) from [Synthstrom Audible](https://synthstrom.com/) is a portable sequencer, synthesizer and sampler. Synthstrom Audible decided to [open source](https://synthstrom.com/open/) the firmware application that runs on the Deluge to allow the community to customize and extend the capabilities of the device. 

The hardware is built around a Renesas RZ/A1L processor with an Arm® Cortex®-A9 core running at 400MHz and 3MB of on-chip SRAM. Connected to that is a 64MB SDRAM chip, a PIC for button handling and either a 7-Segment array or an OLED screen. The application is written in C and C++ and some occasional assembly in bare metal style without an operating system.

# Important links
* For acquiring and using the firmware visit the [Github Page](https://synthstromaudible.github.io/DelugeFirmware)

> * To contribute to the project with code, reporting bugs, giving suggestions and feedback read the [Contributing.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
> * To learn about the toolchain, application and start working on the code continue with [docs/dev/getting_started.md](docs/dev/getting_started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To contribute to the project with code, bug reports, suggestions, and feedback see: [How to contribute to Deluge Firmware](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* To learn about the toolchain, application, and to start working on the code continue with: [Getting Started with Deluge Development](docs/dev/getting_started.md)
```
